50 million visits a video of a
Miss that apparently fit
spontaneous was if it was offered to
gentlemen to the passers-by who were walking
down the street inviting them to intimate
He says 70% said no and a
30 accepted
the girl that can surprise some
the girls seemed more or less credible
I honestly do not know what I was saying, I suppose
that from that the people of tn said
mom sandra borghi offers
borghi
to see how it came out
he proposed sex to 100 women in the
street and they know how many they said yes
as for zero but then it came out to
allison and did the same but in reverse will
she proposed to 100 boys
if they wanted to have sex with her
yes
most men would not accept
Casual sex said there led
picture in the pingo what happens with this
experiment here in the streets of
buenos aires- listen and learn
yes
fa fa because
I want
no no
one could terrible stark yes no
It is obvious
no no no no no no
not with you
cool
whoever and both
for a while nothing
with bush things are pretty
degenerate
no no
for this
and so far
come a young lady Gabriel first
session
I come with self-esteem as he said
morning reading you do not tell me anything even
I offer myself and there is no answer
I'm not a gabriel lifter
patient but they do not come from telling
has low self-esteem come complaining
of consequences of having a self-esteem
low goes wrong in life and do not occur
mind that is because they have self-esteem
low when for example if self-esteem
it has to do with the value that I give myself
to myself with what I esteem myself
same if I believe I woman because also
applies to men if I believe that
I 'm not worth
I will find myself with putting the
car be woman not find with two
classes of men the man who treats me
well and the man who treats me badly to
man that treats me well what I'm going to
to think is because this guy treats me well
yes no longer abandoned this guy without idiot
and I'm going to deal with an idiot or I'm going to
lose with suspicion something must believe
to treat very well when I do not several
then I'm going to mistreat him because
suspicious to give it like an idiot is going to go
and when he leaves I will say that I am
I'm not worth the guy who treats me badly I'm going
to treat well because this guy has it
clear if you treat me badly I want to abuse the
how well he treats me and while
mistreat me in favor of sando la pelita
that for him he says that of this group there is
one that both do not
they say dragon and a friend talks about the
diabetes